[prod]garrett-young/update AWS EKS pause containers doc (#10254)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/account_management/billing/containers.md

### Kubernetes

> Kubernetes creates pause containers to acquire the respective pod’s IP address and set up the network namespace for all other containers that join that pod. Datadog excludes all pause containers from your quota and does not charge for them (requires Agent 5.8+ & Agent 7.20+ for AWS EKS pause container exclusion). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kubernetes creates pause containers (requires Agent v5.8+) to acquire the respective pod’s IP address and set up the network namespace for all other containers that join that pod. Datadog excludes all pause containers from your quota and does not charge for them (requires Agent v7.20+ for AWS EKS pause container exclusion). 
```
